[Music]
Today I had a problem, eh, let's
listen to what we're going to see
Belén's statement because today Belén had a
curious, curious and
complicated problem there are many headlines that
seem to me, let's go, I'm not going to talk about
anything about this subject because I haven't
spoken to her, of course, if I had
spoken to her, I wouldn't have said what she
told me, but we're going to be
on the news, that's why it's
necessary that in the next few hours it will be
Anabel, I think here, like I said,
Gonzalo. And
excuse me, I think here, like I
said, when my little girl was in the
hospital, we went, friends,
family and such. Here, the only ones who have to
talk are my Anabel and
David, my goodness,
eh, what a mess. Because Belén surely
knows the truth, or she believes it, or they've probably told her too. I
suppose they've told her,
man, the family, they've probably
told her. Why the girl was admitted, of course, they have
n't told us the rest, nor would they have
told her. Why
exactly the girl was admitted and what the
girl's prognosis has been. I suppose, of course,
give you an account of one  thing Okay now
let's go that they published today in
informalia the statement that you already
know very well if that statement is
the one they gave which is also strange they
have to repeat it because they make mistakes
in the schedules if that statement is the one they
gave in court that
statement is the one they gave in the
hospital, I mean these people arrive at the
hospital with that statement we
weren't buying suddenly the girl
starts to starts to cry in a
spectacular way she starts to cry and scream
a lot we didn't know how to act David
changes her he turns her around she does some very
strange things because I tell you that
I have had I have two and and a nephew and a baby and I have always handled babies very well but no I wouldn't put it in her I think the finger in her mouth I wouldn't do Hits on the cheek it's that Hits on the cheek it's very
strange it's very strange you know the statement is
very strange I left the car the car in a double
park is that buying provides data
but what does it matter That I left the car it's that I do
n't know why that about the car was in a
double park they ask you and maybe you  They
say, but how was the car in case you
change the version later. Then
maybe they'll ask you in the game itself.
But that's it, no, it's not like suddenly,
out of the blue, the girl
cries, something happens to her, we don't know what's wrong with her. Of course,
the doctor finds injuries on the girl that
don't correspond to the girl
crying suddenly.